The overall average spent is more in the category 'Less than RM20'

Millinials seem to spent more in the category 'Less than RM20' and also seem to be the top spenders in other categories as well.

Females of age 20 - 29 is the highest in both 'Less than RM20' and 'Around RM20 -RM40'

Employed persons seems to be the huge spenders in category 'Around RM20 - RM40', while both students and employed seems to be on par in the 
category 'Less than RM20'

Very few people seem to prefer the items in the category 'More than RM40'

Based on the data people of age range 30 to 40+ when visited always seems to spend.

Employment sure seems to have an impact on spending where both Males and Females being top in 'Around RM20 - RM40', but student females seem 
to be the major spenders in the category 'Less than RM20'.

More time spent by the customer in dine in seems to have a relationship towards higher spending.

By looking at the graph, (brand_rating, promotion_rating, ambience_rating, service_rating, choosing_stb_rating) seem to have a right skewed distribution 
towards 5 star rating.

Price and Wifi rating seem to follow a normal distribution.

Hypothetically there might be a chance for the dine in customers to have a great experience by improving the wifi network. Since wifi_rating curve follows a normal distribution there's a space for improvement and check the results.

And also ultimately the price_rating also seems to coorelate with our overall_spending data where most products from 'Less Than Rm20' to 'Around RM40' seems to have more sales.

Having a membership card seem to have an impact on the 'No Orders' and also in large spending groups (Around RM20 -RM40, More than RM40). So hypothetically there's a significant chance that signing up more customers as members gives makes them devoted.

People in the age range (40 and above) who had a membership always seem to spend in the range (Around RM20 -RM40, More than RM40). 

There's also a staggering result for people in the age group 20 - 39 who had a membership card also seem to spend more.

So improving the wifi and signing up more members could lead to more sales (Hypothetically).





